Enjoys long walks along the beach.
Enjoys strolls in scenic villages.
Enjoys jogging in forests.
Enjoys rolling down hills.
Enjoys jumping up stairs.
Enjoys walking backwards when no one is looking.
Has a curious addiction to parsnips.
Has a curious addiction to natto.
Has a curious addiction to spinach.
Has a curious addiction to tuna.
Has a curious addiction to spring onions.
Has a curious addiction to pickles.
Dreams of worldwide success.
Dreams of joining a large unit.
Dreams of electric sheep.
Dreams of sleeping all day.
Dreams of solo success.
Dreams of having a good income.
Wishes she was bilingual.
Wishes she was ambidextrous. 
Wishes she was good at maths.
Wishes she didn't attend school.
Wishes she had unlimited wishes.
Wishes she could use three chopsticks to eat twice as fast.
Is allergic to cats.
Is allergic to dogs.
Is allergic to fish.
Is allergic to nuts.
Is allergic to dairy.
Is allergic to lies.
Wants to someday break the top ten.
Wants to someday write a novel.
Wants to someday eat ten burgers in one sitting.
Wants to someday be an actress.
Wants to someday compete at the Olympics.
Wants to someday host a new year's special.
Has an interesting collection of anime t-shirts.
Has an interesting collection of rare beetles.
Has an interesting collection of gacha toys.
Has an interesting collection of stamps.
Has an interesting collection of teddy bears.
Has an interesting collection of trading cards.
Can play a flute with her nostril.
Can play video games with her feet.
Can play the accordion with her mind.
Can play the bagpipes when the mood is right.
Can play the harp with her teeth.
Can play along with a prank if you don't tell her the details.
Secretly wants to give a bento to her crush.
Secretly wants to run a marathon for charity.
Secretly wants to get really good at standup comedy.
Secretly wants to grow a beard.
Secretly wants to learn how to speak elvish.
Secretly wants to make an archaeological discovery.
Hasn't ever taken a singing lesson.
Hasn't ever taken a dancing lesson.
Hasn't ever taken an exam.
Hasn't ever taken the labels off a mattress, honest.
Hasn't ever taken a day off school.
Hasn't ever taken candy from a baby.
Hopes that her friends at home are watching.
Hopes that her parents are proud.
Hopes that her dinner is sushi tonight.
Hopes that it's not going to rain tonight.
Hopes that her outfit isn't too weird.
Hopes that no one notices the smell.
Her favourite food is curry.
Her favourite food is spaghetti bolognese.
Her favourite food is oyster and caviar.
Her favourite food is mashed tatties.
Her favourite food is a salad that's big enough to hide the unhealthy bits.
Her favourite food is pizza.
Really enjoys singing.
Really enjoys dancing.
Really enjoys the fans.
Really enjoys backgammon.
Really enjoys throwing dice in the alley.
Really enjoys life.
One day wants to get a pet.
One day wants to get a car.
One day wants to get a house by the sea.
One day wants to get a mortgage.
One day wants to get a younger sibling.
One day wants to outrun a train.
Her favourite colour is red.
Her favourite colour is black.
Her favourite colour is mauve.
Her favourite colour is aubergine.
Her favourite colour is Pantone 13-0851 TCX Minion Yellow.
Her favourite colour is... all of them, really.
Wants to dye her hair pink.
Wants to dye her hair blonde.
Wants to dye her hair black.
Wants to dye her hair green.
Wants to dye her hair brown.
Wants to dye her hair multiple colours.
Has always wanted to be an idol.
Has always wanted to visit Europe.
Has always wanted to eat every flavour of ice cream.
Has always wanted to be travel the world.
Has always wanted to be a mathemagician.
Has always wanted to cause a scandal.
Secretly hates singing.
Secretly hates dancing.
Secretly hates the fans.
Secretly hates the frills and ribbons. 
Secretly hates, like, everyone here. 
Secretly hates how this is nothing like it was in the animes. 
Is learning to play the guitar.
Is learning to play the violin.
Is learning to play the piano.
Is learning to play the saxophone.
Is learning to play the theremin.
Is learning to play the banjo.
Enjoys playing video games.
Enjoys playing musical instruments.
Enjoys playing hookie.
Enjoys playing death metal on her phone in quiet situations.
Enjoys playing dead.
Enjoys playing with fire.
Spends her free time in the arcades.
Spends her free time browsing the internet.
Spends her free time in bed.
Spends her free time writing about politics on the internet.
Spends her free time writing her autobiography.
Spends her free time at her best friend's place.
Won a fight against a classmate.
Won a fight against the debate club.
Won a fight against her younger brother.
Won a fight against sleep itself.
Won a fight against a pro wrestler.
Won a fight against a badger.
Her favourite subject is geography.
Her favourite subject is Japanese history.
Her favourite subject is science.
Her favourite subject is mathematics.
Her favourite subjects are the ones that don't have homework.
Her favourite subject often runs errands for her.
Became an idol after years of dreaming about it.
Became an idol after a successful application.
Became an idol after someone said she wouldn't make it.
Became an idol after being scouted by a total weirdo.
Became an idol after a gruelling multi-stage competition.
Became an idol with cereal box tokens plus postage.
Has a mole on her left cheek.
Has a mole on her right pinky finger.
Has a mole that kinda looks like a copyright symbol.
Prefers wearing skirts.
Prefers wearing shorts because they're comfy and easy to wear.
Prefers wearing business suits.
Prefers wearing cosplay.
Prefers wearing summer dresses.
Prefers wearing platform shoes.
Broke an arm during a gym lesson.
Broke a finger while doing morning exercises.
Broke a toe while kicking a wall in frustration.
Doesn't like glitter.
Doesn't like frills.
Doesn't like pink.
Doesn't like fakers.
Doesn't like much.
Doesn't like cussing.
Wishes her hair was longer.
Wishes her hair was shorter.
Wishes her hair was curly.
Wishes her hair would behave.
Wishes her hair was really bushy.
Wishes she could pull off a pompadour.
Wants to be in a unit that wears matching costumes.
Wants to be in a unit that has more than five members.
Wants to be in a unit that has a unique twist.
Wants to be in a unit that has a focus on food.
Wants to be in a unit that doesn't rely on handshaking events.
Wants to be in a unit that doesn't have creepy fans.
Likes to wear heart-shaped accessories.
Likes to wear moon-shaped accessories.
Likes to wear far too many accessories.
Wants to one day have a clothing brand.
Wants to one day have a perfume brand.
Wants to one day have a condiment brand.
Wants to one day have a music label.
Wants to one day have a business conglomerate.
Wants to one day rule Tokyo with her family, aniki.
Likes to say "right?" at the end of her sentences.
Likes to say "y'know?" at the end of her sentences.
Likes to say "believe it!" at the end of her sentences.
If she wasn't an idol, she'd like to be a teacher.
If she wasn't an idol, she'd like to be a veterinarian.
If she wasn't an idol, she'd like to be an office worker.
If she wasn't an idol, she'd like to be a sandwich artist.
If she wasn't an idol, she'd like to be a builder.
If she wasn't an idol, she'd like to be a wrestler.
Prefers wearing thigh-high socks.
Prefers wearing short socks.
Prefers wearing no socks.
Wonders whether a snake or a cat would win in a fight.
Wonders whether the moon really is made of cheese.
Wonders what clouds feel like.
Wonders if her favourite anime will ever get another season.
Wonders what having the ability to stop time would be like.
Wonders out loud, sometimes.
Practices her appeals when she's meant to be asleep.
Practices fencing when she's meant to be asleep.
Practices foreign languages when she's meant to be asleep.
Enjoys listening to pop music.
Enjoys listening to glam rock.
Enjoys listening to rhythm and blues.
Enjoys listening to electronic music.
Enjoys listening to classical music.
Enjoys listening to death metal.
Wants to live in a flat by herself.
Wants to live on a boat and sail the seas.
Wants to live in a capsule hotel.
Wants to live in a converted shipping container.
Wants to live in a house with her future partner.
Wants to live in a castle on a hill with a moat and a few horses.
Uses social media to talk with her fans.
Uses social media to learn all of the latest memes.
Uses social media to vent her frustrations.
Uses social media to enter loads of competitions.
Uses social media to talk with her family and friends.
Uses social media with a fake name to pester her rivals.
Is obsessed with learning how to ride a bike.
Is obsessed with learning how to fly a plane.
Is obsessed with learning how to surf.
Is obsessed with learning how to communicate through dance.
Is obsessed with learning how to ride a horse.
Is obsessed with learning how to ride a bucking bronco.
Regularly imagines winning the lottery.
Regularly imagines leading an army to war.
Regularly imagines performing in front of a crowd.
Regularly imagines people naked.
Regularly imagines what the future may hold.
Regularly imagines what it would be like if she was a dinosaur.
Can't figure out how to whistle.
Can't figure out how distant objects appear smaller.
Can't figure out how to click her fingers.
Can't figure out where that smell is coming from.
Can't figure out how she made it this far.
Can't figure out how to teleport, but hasn't given up.
Only drinks tea.
Only drinks coffee.
Only drinks juice.
Likes to be the centre of attention.
Likes to be at the sidelines.
Likes to hide behind the other idols.
Prefers to watch romantic comedies when at the cinema.
Prefers to watch horror films when at the cinema.
Prefers to watch sci-fi films when at the cinema.
Always watches the football when it's on TV.
Always watches the tennis when it's on TV.
Always watches the snooker when it's on TV.
Always watches the soaps when they're on TV.
Always watches other idol groups when they're on TV.
Always watches the news when it's on TV.
Has a fear of heights.
Has a fear of spiders.
Has a fear of clowns.
Has a fear of losing.
Has a fear of skeletons.
Has a fear of bugs.
Gets very angry if she doesn't have internet access.
Gets very angry if she doesn't get to sing the solo.
Gets very angry if fans use the wrong glowstick colours.
Gets very angry if people get in her way.
Gets very angry if when people don't listen.
Gets very angry just for fun sometimes.
Uses newspapers to stay up to date on news.
Uses the internet to stay up to date on news.
Relies on word of mouth for staying up to date on news.
Refuses to eat if it isn't a home-cooked meal.
Enjoys almost every food.
Only eats cheap frozen food.
Doesn't know how to tie her shoelaces.
Often accidentally calls her manager 'mum'.
Has dreams of being a pirate.
Has racked up huge bills playing mobile idol games.
Has been subscribed to an MMO for over four years.
Has watched over 800 anime shows.
Eats most foods with her hands.
Turns clothes inside-out to wear them for an extra day.
Overuses expensive perfume.
Insists on rollerblading to the office.
Always pays with exact change.
Is never seen without a bowtie.
Really wants a hotdog. 
Would like to have a sleepover with her school friends.
Wants to invite you to karaoke.
Thinks that people who leave the house with toast are stupid.
Can often be found playing poker with the management.
Is secretly a well-known graffiti artist.
Causes trouble and blames everyone else.
Will scream if her burger has a pickle in it.
Wears lensless glasses for a moe appeal.
Gambled her father away in a street bet gone wrong.
Is really good at spelling, smoetimes. 
Is secretly ten years older than what it says on her CV.
Has kept a dog in her room for months without people noticing.
Wants to be taken seriously.
Has her eyes set on the western market.
