Our highschool lives are just beginning!
I want to be a successful idol!
I want to become a famous chef!
I can't move my fingers!
It's my first day at school, I'm really excited!
I want to be the number one idol in the world!
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when you've performed at the Budokan.
The richest idol is not who has the most, but she who has, like, hella fans.
You miss 100 percent of the concerts you never make.
Stage fright... is frightening.
You must be the idol you wish to be in the world.
To the idol who only has a glowstick, everything she encounters begins to look like a dance.
A wise idol gets more use from her enemies than a fool does from her friends.
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the idols of old; seek what they sought.
This is a very scary scenario.
Everyone is a genius at least once a year. The real geniuses simply perform more live shows.
The only consequence is what we sing.
To special appeal, or to not special appeal. That is the question.
I am become love, master of dreams.
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new dance moves, but dancing with new legs.
Work like you don’t need money, love like you’ve never been hurt, and dance like no one’s watching.
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get hit by a train if your appeals suck.
What the world needs is more idols with humility, there are so few of us left.
Sometimes I worry about being a success in an idle world.
I hate dancers who try to perform behind my back.
Sup.
It is the mark of an educated idol to be able to entertain a crowd without accepting them.
Shall we establish a safe word?
An idol is simply a fellow who doesn’t take her education too seriously.
The cure for boredom is idols. There is no cure for idols.
Advice is what we ask for when we already did the performance but wish we didn’t.
Some people like my music so much that they'd rather download it instead of seeing me live.
I want to practice the pyro part of my performance, but the cops won't let me.
Hello. I'm an idol.
I hope my parents are proud!
I've only been a backing dancer for support acts, but I think I'm ready to take on the world and stuff.
If I beat you in an arm wrestle, can I keep your wallet?
You'll have to excuse me, a bird spawned in the car park and I need to go get it.
Where am I?
FOOLISH HUMAN, OBSERVE MY AESTHETIC AND WEEP.
Let's idoling!
If you don't mind lip synching, I'll perform at your birthday, wedding or bar mitzvah.
My previous producer is in jail now.
I... I think I require a mana potion.
Idols and chill.
Who are you and what did you do with my family?
My sister is a cat. She's my furry friend.
Ribbons, glitter and alcopops.
I am very interested in your job posting and I am grateful for this opportunity.
I love Staffies! Or were they Stokies?
I (ﾉゝ∀･)~キラ☆'d so hard I twisted my ankle.
I'm an intergalactic pretty girl!
Hand over the burgers.
There are no wrong opinions about music, except for yours.
Even garbage has pride.
I want to be the pirate king!
Everyone dies eventually.
What do tongues taste like?
Suck the atty direct.
I have a meeting in five minutes and I have no idea why.
Do you prefer day or night?
I'm gonna rock your world!
I can sing and dance, but not particularly well.
Drats, I'm all out of generic pop music.
Screw this, I'm going for a smoke.
I'm going to be a celebrity and there's nothing you can do about it.
You've only truly made it when you get a pan dropped on your head on national TV.
Est-ce que quelqu'un sait où je suis?
Sparkle! Dreaming! Fluffy! ...whatever.
Yeah but what if I don't talk to you.
REDACTED.
Bueno.
You can have my autograph if you like.
These costumes are, like, super embarrassing.
Please support me on Patreon!
It's the eyebrows, isn't it?
My career was built in 45 hours!
I have no fans and I must scream.
My unit are pioneers, dancing only to eurobeat.
I killed a guy.
If you're going to do something, do it badly.
My idol is an idol.
Fight until your idols become your rivals.
Don't get in my way!
I can't watch these idols. It's like being at karaoke but without the booze.
As long as we've got the determination, we can do anything!
If you're going to try, do your best. I'll be over here.
You're the only one I can count on!
Always failing has given me the strength to keep fighting.
Serious failures have worth, so even I can be useful.
No big deal.
Hurry it up, I'm missing my program.
People, huh?
I can't wait to work with you!
You can be my manager, but please stay over there.
Always remember to wash your hands.
I'm going to bring back shoulder pads in a big way.
You count to 300 and I'll go hide.
Keep it cool.
I like your style, kid.
